{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Examples in this class use GoogleTest (unit test framework) and GoogleBenchmark\
(microbenchmarking library). Before using the examples, you should build these\
tools. We have provided the source archives for both tools, in subdirectories\
gtest/ and gbench/ in this directory. You can use these or download the latest\
version from https://github.com/google/googletest and\
https://github.com/google/benchmark. Follow the instructions that accompany\
both tools to build them on your system. \
\
The makefiles in the examples assume that the test and benchmark libraries are\
built in directories gtest/ and gbench/, respectively, and that these\
directories are at the same level as the directories containing the example\
source code. For example, if you are compiling examples in the directory\
"/work/HPC/Chapter4", the makefile expects to find "../gtest", i.e.\
"/work/HPC/gtest" (and the same for gbench). You can build the GoogleTest and\
GoogleBenchmark tools anywhere else, but then you have to change the lines\
GTEST_DIR = ...  GBENCH_DIR = to point to the new location of these tools. Note\
that you should choose the location before you build the test and benchmark\
libraries, instead of moving the directories after you built the libraries.\
}